Getting Started with Form (#1485)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Form/01 Getting Started with Form/40 Organize the Form Items/30 In Tabs.md

A tab can contain [simple items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/), other tabs, [groups](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/GroupItem/) or [empty items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/EmptyItem/). To create a tabbed item, assign "tabbed" to the [itemType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/TabbedItem/#itemType) option.

The Form uses the [TabPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTabPanel/) component to display tabs. You can specify the tab panel's settings in the [tabPanelOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/TabbedItem/#tabPanelOptions) object.

> The following example shows a Form with two groups. A tabbed item is nested in the `Personal Information` group. We also configure the tab panel's [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTabPanel/Configuration/#height) property in the **tabPanelOptions** object:

Reviewer: Same notes here as for the article about groups.

                    tabs: [{
                        title: "Profile",
                        items: ["position", "hireDate", "officeNumber"]
                    }, {
                        title: "Contacts",
                        items: ["phone", "skype", "email"]
                    }]
                }]
            }]
        });
    });

##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-form
        [formData]="employee"
        [colCount]="2">
        <dxi-item 
            itemType="group" 
            caption="Employee">
            <dxi-item dataField="name"></dxi-item>
            <dxi-item dataField="notes"></dxi-item>
        </dxi-item>
        <dxi-item itemType="group" caption="Personal Information">
            <dxi-item itemType="tabbed" [tabPanelOptions]="personalDataOptions">
                <dxi-tab title="Profile">
                    <dxi-item dataField="position"></dxi-item>
                    <dxi-item dataField="hireDate"></dxi-item>
                    <dxi-item dataField="officeNumber"></dxi-item>
                </dxi-tab>
                <dxi-tab title="Contacts">
                	<dxi-item dataField="skype"></dxi-item>

>                     <dxi-item dataField="phone"></dxi-item>

Reviewer 2: ```
                <dxi-tab title="Contacts">
                	<dxi-item dataField="skype"></dxi-item>
                    <dxi-item dataField="phone"></dxi-item>

```
wrong indentation?

Author: Thanks, will fix it

Reviewer 2: Is it fixed?

The Form uses the [TabPanel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTabPanel/) component to display tabs. You can specify the tab panel's settings in the [tabPanelOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/TabbedItem/#tabPanelOptions) object. A tab can contain any item type.

> The following example shows a Form with two groups. A tabbed item is nested in the `Personal Information` group. We also configure the tab panel's [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTabPanel/Configuration/#height) property in the **tabPanelOptions** object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a tabbed item nested in the `Personal Information` group. The resulting Form looks like this:

![DevExtreme Form: Tabbed Items](/images/UiWidgets/form-getting-started-tabs.png)

We also configure the tab panel's [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTabPanel/Configuration/#height) property in the **tabPanelOptions** object.
```

        notes: 'John has been in the Audio/Video industry since 1990.'
    };

    const App = () => {
        return (
            <Form
                formData={employee}
                colCount={2}>
                <GroupItem caption="Employee">
                    <SimpleItem dataField="name" />
                    <SimpleItem dataField="position" />
                    <SimpleItem dataField="hireDate" />
                    <SimpleItem dataField="officeNumber" />
                </GroupItem>
                <GroupItem caption="Personal Information">
                    <TabbedItem>
                        <TabPanelOptions height="280" />
                        <Tab title="Contacts">
                            <SimpleItem dataField="phone" />
                            <SimpleItem dataField="skype" />
                            <SimpleItem dataField="email" />
                        </Tab>
                        <Tab title="Note">
                            <SimpleItem dataField="notes" />
                        </Tab>
                    </TabbedItem>
                </GroupItem>
            </Form>
        );
    }

    export default App;

---

> If you run this code, you will get the Form that looks like the following one:
> 
> ![DevExtreme Form: Tabbed Items](/images/UiWidgets/form-getting-started-tabs.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
